# cs305-portfolio

Artemis Finantial Is a company that assists it clients with finantial planning in many sectors. They wished to implemnt security features to several ares of their website, with which I assisted. Specifically, they wanted to secure their archived files as well as secure file transefer between them and their clients. I think I did a good job here in analyzing their problems and selecting industry recognized algorithms to implement to secure the areas they wanted to secure. These added security layers will help them keep their system safe from attacks and secure their and their client's data. Working through the vulnerability asessment was helpful as it highlighted ares to focus on that may need to be addressed such as APIs or client/server interfaces. I used the points in the vulnerability assessment and the client's needs to implement features that would secure the ares they were concerned about. After I had addressed the issues I manually reviewed the code and did a dependancy scan to ensure that the code worked as intended and that I did not introduce any new vulnerabilities. I used mavens dependancy checker as well as several online resources on software security to research, implement, and test my solutions to ensure they would act as the client wished. In this assignment I would probably showcase my selection of the algorithm to secure their file transfer system. I think I did a good job of researching this, but the code I wrote I thought was very clean so I would probably highlight this as well. 
